Lin Bingjiao
What are you doing?
Zhan Shuai, you are Zhan Shuai
Yeah, you recognize me?
Lord Zhan Shuai
What are you here for today?
I heard you are in the company.
The house and even the bedroom are full of my portraits
I swear I will not marry
Is it yes
Lord Zhan Shuai, you know it all
My power is all over the world
The news spread.
Of course you will know that it is Mr. Zhan Shuai
With your strength, you must know
That handsome man
What are you here for today?
I am touched by your sincerity
So I want to fulfill you
Fulfill me yes
Will you be my woman?
Lord Warrior
Is what you said true?
Of course it's true.
As long as you are willing to be my woman
I promise you will become
The happiest person in the world
kid
What do you mean by coughing and interrupting here?
It means nothing
You continue your performance
I think you need a beating.
Bing Jiao, who is he?
I will be handsome
He is a KTV waiter
What KTV waiter?